chore: add README (#3)
evmos/vesting: README.md

# x/vesting

## Overview

This page presents comprehensive details regarding the Vesting Module offered by Evmos. The functionality of this module empowers users to transform their accounts into clawback vesting accounts, allowing the reception of tokens from a designated funder. Additionally, it provides the funder with the capability to stipulate specific vesting and locking schedules, and to clawback unvested tokens.

> This module is a rearrangement of the original [x/vesting](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/tree/main/x/vesting) that makes no use of the Evmos's custom [EthAccount](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/blob/6fda63866715b248bbd03c13461163a58de48c09/proto/ethermint/types/v1/account.proto#L14) to allows the module to be compatible with any other non-EVM Cosmos SDK chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is a copy of the original [x/vesting](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/tree/main/x/vesting) module and has been adapted to not rely on Evmos's custom [EthAccount](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/blob/6fda63866715b248bbd03c13461163a58de48c09/proto/ethermint/types/v1/account.proto#L14).
This allows the module to be compatible with other non-EVM Cosmos SDK chains.
```

> Vesting accounts, defined in the `x/vesting` module, are a new type implementing the Cosmos SDK [VestingAccount interface](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/modules/auth/vesting#vesting-account-types). This new type allows users to convert their account into a clawback vesting account. This account type can receive tokens from a particular address, called the funder, which are released according to the defined lockup and vesting schedules. The funder of the account can claw back unvested tokens at any time. The clawback can also be enforced through a governance proposal for any account that opts in to this when converting to a vesting account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vesting accounts, defined in the `x/vesting` module, are a new type implementing the Cosmos SDK [`VestingAccount` interface](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/modules/auth/vesting#vesting-account-types).
This new type allows users to convert their account into a clawback vesting account.
This account type can receive tokens from a particular address (_funder_),
which are then released according to the defined lockup and vesting schedules.
The funder of the account can claw back unvested tokens at any time.
The clawback can also be enforced through a governance proposal for any account that opts in to this when converting to a vesting account.
```

> For a complete description of the vesting functionalities, please visit the relative page in the [doc](https://docs.evmos.org/protocol/modules/vesting#state-transitions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete description of the vesting functionalities,
please visit the corresponding page in the [docs](https://docs.evmos.org/protocol/modules/vesting#state-transitions).
```

## Implementing the Module

> Here the main steps to include the [evmos/vesting](https://github.com/evmos/vesting) module in the Stride chain, used as an example, are reported. Because each chain may have specific characteristics, the following steps should not be taken as general, and other modifications may be necessary before the module can be used correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The shown example demonstrates how to include the [evmos/vesting](https://github.com/evmos/vesting) module in the Stride chain.
Because each chain may have specific characteristics,
the following steps might not be universally applicable,
and other modifications may be necessary before the module can be used correctly.
```

### `app.go` Wiring

> - Register the [governance clawback](https://github.com/Vvaradinov/stride/blob/ec1df0f0cfc377eda48c84263b3925ca91b4731f/app/app.go#L181) proposal handler in the `govProposalHandlers`.
> - Include the vesting module’s `[AppModuleBasic](https://github.com/Vvaradinov/stride/blob/ec1df0f0cfc377eda48c84263b3925ca91b4731f/app/app.go#L227)` into the chain’s `ModuleBasics`.
> - Include the `VestingKeeper` in the [`StrideApp`](https://github.com/Vvaradinov/stride/blob/ec1df0f0cfc377eda48c84263b3925ca91b4731f/app/app.go#L282) struct.
> - Include the vesting module’s `StoreKey` into the the `KVStoreKey` map
> - Initialize the `[VestingKeeper](https://github.com/Vvaradinov/stride/blob/ec1df0f0cfc377eda48c84263b3925ca91b4731f/app/app.go#L618)`.
> - Add the new `AppModule`

Reviewer: should be consistent in the whole README, either end with a dot or without - I personally prefer with 👍 
```suggestion
- Register the [governance clawback](https://github.com/Vvaradinov/stride/blob/ec1df0f0cfc377eda48c84263b3925ca91b4731f/app/app.go#L181) proposal handler in the `govProposalHandlers`.
- Include the vesting module’s `[AppModuleBasic].(https://github.com/Vvaradinov/stride/blob/ec1df0f0cfc377eda48c84263b3925ca91b4731f/app/app.go#L227)` into the chain’s `ModuleBasics`.
- Include the `VestingKeeper` in the [`StrideApp`].(https://github.com/Vvaradinov/stride/blob/ec1df0f0cfc377eda48c84263b3925ca91b4731f/app/app.go#L282) struct.
- Include the vesting module’s `StoreKey` into the the `KVStoreKey` map.
- Initialize the `[VestingKeeper].(https://github.com/Vvaradinov/stride/blob/ec1df0f0cfc377eda48c84263b3925ca91b4731f/app/app.go#L618)`.
- Add the new `AppModule`.
```

```go
evmosvesting.NewAppModule(app.VestingKeeper, app.AccountKeeper, app.BankKeeper, app.StakingKeeper),
```

> - Include the vesting module in the `BeginBlocker` and `EndBlocker` stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include the vesting module in the `BeginBlocker` and `EndBlocker` stack.
```

### Enable `from` flag for the CLI

> - Enable the `from` [flag in the CLI](https://github.com/Stride-Labs/stride/blob/405fb9c961e537619092dc51cc70107aedf03ba4/cmd/strided/root.go#L268) to be able to specify the sender key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable the `from` [flag in the CLI](https://github.com/Stride-Labs/stride/blob/405fb9c961e537619092dc51cc70107aedf03ba4/cmd/strided/root.go#L268) to be able to specify the sender key.
```
